[Music]
Hello my dear lovers of the
heart, I hope you're enjoying the
weekend
my goodness, the one who just said Anamaría to the
Don on Viva la Vida and it's well, she's
cut us a little slack in fact she says that she's been
cutting her hair for a while and that she's
not going to be so careful when it comes to measuring her
words when it comes to expressing how she
feels, how she is, how is the life she's
leading and it's well, what she's let
slip is that on several occasions she's
said because her life is a bit
stuck, let's say a little bored,
that the bullfighter isn't going the way
she should be and that she
needs to go out, a movie, or this or that
and she doesn't have it and on some occasions
when she's expressed it on the
program in a more or less
gentle way, well, on top of that she's had her argument
at home and there comes a time when
she doesn't care about the argument or the
retaliation but this, well,
her marriage is going through a crisis,
let's talk clearly, not on top of that, she blames the
side that would be serious and this is something that really
catches my attention because I believe that
marriage  of Antonio David and
Olga well it will break and it will end up
breaking with the subject of the cool side beings
okay come on because in the end they are the
protagonists not
Mariah the Don that Ana
Maria the Don's marriage is touched by the domus
series well wait for them to broadcast the part
that corresponds to Ortega Cano no because
what they have broadcast is the first
season and the programs that they have shown
has absolutely nothing to do with
Ortega Cano's marriage with Ana Maria
al Tom Shannon is like they could have
brought out something that she did not know while she
was with Ortega Cano no what is
said badly about Ortega Cano but it is with his
relationship with Rocío Grado no no no I have not
found anything they do not remember many
times that I have a little
dry memory on the weekend not with this of me
being up and down but I have
not found anything that could affect the
marriage of these people but well it has
been a bombshell I think that we have
busy weeks coming with many issues and
well the salsero family in the end for
us the ceo are  things in life that
man for the protagonists are
annoying but I think that we are going to have
some days to people from Salcedo of course
you know that Gloria Camila will say something the other day in the afternoon I don't know what and this has surprised me it has surprised me the truth is I expected them to be more united but it is true that the age difference depends on
what time of life it is more noticeable breast it
also affects us it still affects I mean
when we are talking about the best who is
50 years old and your partner is 30
well okay at 2 active such but
when we are talking about 70 and something
and she I don't know how much she will have because
she will have to she will have I don't think she will
reach 50 Ana Maria Burton no I don't know I
see her very young she
was between 40 and 50 I don't know to say that
she doesn't look that she is
very young for Ortega Cano and Ortega Cano
well she would be at a time in life
where she is let's say resting
peacefully and you can't lock up
a person as young as Anna Maria stop so that she
stays with her with
the  blinds down with the table and
watching TV I don't know and remembering
the figures of the bulls that you have there I
don't know the trophies no what goes on it doesn't fit it doesn't
fit then he's getting bored he's getting
bored Anamaría what do you think
family night he's rereading you I send you a
huge hug and we'll see you in the
next video don't forget to subscribe
it's very important that everyone is
subscribed
[Music]